# Pursuite of Craftsmanship

Each profession requires dedication and effort in order to be good at it - developers carrer is no different.
Every day there is some new technology, new way of doing the same thing and more to come... Then how we as a
developers can learn everything so we could be at the top of the craftsmanship? Well, we can't! But what we
can do - is pursuit the craftsmanship in our own way. What I mean by that? Well, each one of us has some
strenghts and weekneses - me personally, I don't like to work with a front-end code, html, css, javascript is
not something that I want to work, if I can, I try to avoid jobs that relate to front-end, but I don't say that
I do not work with it, I just try to avoid it as much as I can, but when I need to work on it, I always try to
find the best optimal way to do it without trying to find the best of the best approach for it. But, what I
like to work with is back-end, I like to write code that runs the engine of the app.

As the most time I spend working on the back-end, I always strive to learn more about what is the best
way to setup the app, e.g. do I need Redis or it's enough with in memory cache or session cache - all depends
on the infrastructure and the business logic, how many microservices will work with that data, how distributed
everything is. When I think about all the things I need to work one when starting a project from scratch, it's
mind blowing - you need to build the backend business logic, write pipelines, prepare infrastructure, deploy
and maintain it. I know, I know, infrastructure is not really meant for developers right? but hear me out. Once
I started working in Revelsystems, I had an oportunity to learn all the right stuff to build CI/CD pipelines,
prepare infrastructure using IaC approach and most important, ability to design a small system that would be
responsible for a long runing tasks queue management. But in order to desing such a system I had to have some
experience in all the fields that I work on, starting from back-end code writing where I understood that current
sollution will not scale, then I worked on infrastructure which gave me insight on what resources we might need
to implement such a system and finally I had an oportunity to work with great engineers and architects that
helped me out on final touches for the design I did.

Now all that looks alot, but let's say that I would be only a developer that doesn't do any design or let's say
I would never have worked with any kind of infrastructure, in that case I would never had an oportunity to do
something like that and most important, I would have less experience in the backend overall, because when I do
something from scratch and go with it to production I know what was done, how it was done, what's wrong, what's
good and how we could improve it, at least make it a bit better, this knowledge can give you so much for your
future self, that you will never be the same!


## So, back to the topic

